Update by-covid.mdx (#62)
ELIXIR-NO/website: src/content/projects/by-covid.mdx

status: "european"
period: "1 October 2021 - 30 September 2024"
---
BY-COVID is a project funded under the European Union’s Horizon Europe Research and Innovation Programme. 
It aims to make data about SARS-CoV-2 and other viruses easier to access, aggregate and analyse. 
This will enable scientists to respond faster to new strains of SARS-CoV-2 or to new viruses. 
It will also help policy-makers assess the impact of the disease and take the most appropriate measures to protect people against new viral diseases.

> ELIXIR Norways contribution has been to contribute to work package 1 on support for virological analyses in emerging disease outbreaks (UiT), while the University of Oslo, Centre for information technology (USIT) has been contributing to work package 5 on facilitating secondary use of COVID-19 vaccine trial data and biosamples to test existing vaccines against emerging variants, using TSD as the data repository to access trial data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ELIXIR Norway's contribution has been to contribute to work package 1 on support for virological analyses in emerging disease outbreaks (UiT). The Centre for Information Technology (USIT) at the University of Oslo has been contributing to work package 5 on facilitating secondary use of COVID-19 vaccine trial data and biosamples to test existing vaccines against emerging variants, using TSD as the data repository to access trial data.
```
